[PLT-1682] Improve kindest/node and stratio-capi-image management (#685)
Stratio/kind: stratio-docs/en/modules/ROOT/pages/installation.adoc

- `--avoid-creation`: does not create the cluster worker, only the cluster local.
- `--keep-mgmt`: creates the cluster worker but leaves its management in the cluster local (only for *non-productive* environments).
- `--retain`: keeps the cluster local even without management.
- `--use-local-stratio-image`: does not build or download the Stratio _cloud-provisioner_ image; instead, it uses the local image.

> - `--build-stratio-image`: builds the Stratio _cloud-provisioner_ image and uses the built image (only for development purposes).r

Author: ```suggestion
- `--build-stratio-image`: builds the Stratio _cloud-provisioner_ image and uses the built image (only for development purposes).
```

- `--avoid-creation`: does not create the cluster worker, only the cluster local.
- `--keep-mgmt`: creates the cluster worker but leaves its management in the cluster local (only for *non-productive* environments).
- `--retain`: keeps the cluster local even without management.

> - `--use-local-stratio-image`: avoids the Stratio cloud-provisioner image build or pull and uses the local image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--use-local-stratio-image`: does not build or download the Stratio _cloud-provisioner_ image; instead, it uses the local image.
```

> - `--build-stratio-image`: builds and uses the Stratio cloud-provisioner image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--build-stratio-image`: builds the Stratio _cloud-provisioner_ image and uses the built image.
```
